//In The Name Of ALLAH
//Azure

***why azure??

.Simplify development
Cut development time and experiment easily with modular, preconfigured networks and infrastructure.

.Get up and running quickly
Iterate and validate blockchain scenarios quickly by using built-in connections to Azure and tools you’re already familiar with.

.Innovate with confidence
Keep your data secure and scale when you need to—on an open, trusted, globally available cloud platform.

***Projects? 
1.EY insurwave for marine insurance - the first blockchain platform of insurance;  security, scalability, and rapid solution building
2.Webjet transaction disputes in the travel ; using Ethereum on Azure to transform how the travel industry resolves hotel booking disputes in real time
3.xbox access royalties statements even faster now  ; it dramatically lowered statement access times from 45 days to just minutes
4.Bühler use blockchain to reduce the crop wasting
5.banks in singapore collsbrate with microsoft
6.Interswitch Digital payments company ; Digital payments company
7.3M uses Azure Blockchain to enable a new label-as-a-service approach for securing their supply chains
8.Nasdaq brings blockchain to capital markets with Microsoft Azure
9.J.P. Morgan and Microsoft announce strategic partnership to drive enterprise adoption of Quorum

***open source??

/* .The Confidential Consortium Framework (CCF, formerly coco) is opensource and it's source code is on git hub :
https://github.com/Azure/coco-framework
but is that the same as azure ?

.. Over the past year, we have been preparing our Confidential Consortium Framework (CCF) for public release.
CCF uses trusted execution environments (TEEs) such as SGX and VSM to enable ledgers that integrate with it to execute confidential transactions 
with the throughput and latency of a centralized database. Confidentiality and high performance are key requirements of our enterprise customers.
We’re excited to announce that we have finished the first version of CCF, integrated with Quorum, and have made the source code available on Github.
Microsoft believes that the best way to bring blockchain to our customers is by partnering with the diverse and talented open source communities 
that are driving blockchain innovation today. We began this journey in 2015, partnering with the growing communities around Ethereum, R3 Corda, 
and Hyperledgerto make those technologies available in Azure. Instead of building our own ledger, or creating a ledger alternative, we have worked 
to make open sourcetechnology developerslove and work better with Azure. All of the tooling released this week allows developers to work against both
consortium networks in Azure Blockchain Service and with public Ethereum.
“Microsoft has embraced the open community of blockchain developers and has brought the best of their cloud development tooling to the developers building
the next wave of decentralized applications. With Azure Blockchain Service and Ethereum integrations for tools like VS Code, Microsoft is demonstrating 
its commitment to open blockchain development.”
*/

-->> actually YES ,  it's first version is on github: https://github.com/Microsoft/CCF

*** diffrence between cloud ? can we run a code on our computer or should be on his cloud??

actually it's infrastructure is build on azure cloud and is shortly explained in the photo below . after you got your account you can use it as a kafka (developer) or solo wich it means you can build yor block on your computer in it's cloud.
i don't know what it means that don't use it's cloud ? where do you want to propagate it?

